[Music]
[Applause]
what most do not take into account is
when between the legs guys like
addicts those are always at
pending the videos that we upload to me
I love to train my legs so
today we will talk about it and let's be
most sincere when trains you
like to train what you see in front of
mirror ok and neglect the back
for example in the case of the legs
we train much more what are the
pictures or the front part of
the legs is what is hidden
back therefore a mirror and train very
little what are the hamstrings that
It is the back of the legs
that's why the various news that I
send on legs
Meoni are usually predominant
Exercises such as press squats
leg extensions strides
among others
in these streets that is mainly
for cuadrarse because most do not have
very developed local writers
but from the aesthetic point of view
wants to produce good legs in
all sense developed forward and
developed back and also from the
point of view to prevent injuries then
with your quadriceps behind much more
developed from our ideals that
causes an imbalance to be generated but
there is a risk of injury that
I'll give you three tips so that
can develop your script and vials and
so you can say good legs
symmetrical first the best range of
repetitions for writers in
exercises where pressure your legs
for example the tight leg cur
Cur alternate legs stopped ass of
sitting legs what is recommended is
use low transmissions from other
addresses less then because
The hamstrings have mainly
fast shrink fibers instead
the exercises all estenssoro of the
hip intervenes as for example weight
dead with semi-rigid legs weight
Romanian dead
back extensions
here mainly fibers work
slow shrinkage which is why
you need a greater number of repetitions
second stretches his quadriceps one stroke
not excellent is stretching the quadriceps
between your hamstring series as
the quadriceps with the muscle
antagonist when stretching them they go
to relax import height strength of
contraction of the instructors will be
greater making you much
more effective
ah
and third each time the position of your
feet but before they have know the two
positions
this is the two succession and this is the
pressure plant now that the courses
of legs lying down and sitting for
able to lift the maximum weight
the positive phase that is the part of the
repetition when we are all more
weak
let's place your feet then
bending as you can see and in the phase
negative of repetition that is when
we're going back that's when all
we are stronger
we will do that the calves do not
intervene by placing your feet in a
position of the flex plan and so
send as much tension as possible to
hamstrings good guys after the video
today I hope that this has liked and
remember to train with everything
development legs is really a
good legs than the girls
close
now comment below if you train or not and
if you liked the video please do not
forget to subscribe I like it and
share it with all the friends guys
see you in the next video chao
[Music]
ah